Removed setting error status while recording err as span event (#1663)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

## Added

- Added `Marshler` config option to `otlphttp` to enable otlp over json or protobufs. (#1586)

### Removed

- Removed the exported `SimpleSpanProcessor` and `BatchSpanProcessor` structs.
   These are now returned as a SpanProcessor interface from their respective constructors. (#1638)

> - Removed setting `ErrorStatus`  while recording err as span event in `RecordError`. (#1663)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed setting `ErrorStatus`  while recording err as span event in `RecordError`. (#1663)

```

> - Removed setting `ErrorStatus`  while recording err as span event in `RecordError`. (#1663)

Reviewer 2: This would fit better in a `Changed` section as that would better fit the perspective of the user of this code.

```suggestion
- Removed setting status to `Error` while recording an error as a span event in `RecordError`. (#1663)

```

Author: I think it can fit in both Changed and Removed. I have placed it because behavior of code changed and code removed.
